So continue here, what we can do also with said that the return type we have for calculate Cat eight
is an oenta type, so we're expecting to receive or return an integer.
So obviously we can return any other type.
This case, I'm going to return a Boolean because we've just talked about it in passing.
Bullying can only hold true or false values, right?
Either true or false.
So I'm going to create a Boolean in this call.
This fun check age I.
In this case, here to check age, we're going to pass the cat age, right?
It's going to be an integer and then we're going to return a billion.
We say, be looking at we have gotten Boolean there.
OK, so now we have a body.
So in this case here, these check age function will return important.
So we're going to pass the cat age already that we have calculated and then return whether this cat
is old or not.
So inside here what I will do, I'm going to say return because we need to return something.
You can see that we even get help to return false or true because this is indeed a billion type, but
we need to check something for see a return.
Well, what is it that we're going to return it?
Well, it will depend if cat age, let's say in this case is greater than 14, then it's going to return.
True else in this case will return false.
That is the default, right?
So now if I go up here, let's go ahead and get rid of this change.
All of this if I say, let's call check cat or check age passing cat age give equal to cat age.
In this case, because this variable here holding to calculate cat age is the same as the argument name
there.
I can actually get rid of that, right?
So just say Cat H like that, that's totally fine.
That works.
So let's go and run and see what's going to happen.
So it's true.
What's happening here?
Well, Cat Age is 12 while we passed 12.
You know, it's going to be 84, I believe, right?
Twelfth time seven.
So 12 07 is 84, 84 is great and 14.
That's why this is true.
If I for some reason, save one and run, it's going to say false because one time seven, right, it's
going to be seven.
Seven is not greater than 14, right?
So there we have it.
Let's put back what we had and then we have it.
So we have created another function that returns a Boolean and we can use it in conjunction with these
calculate cat h and branch out a little bit.
We can even move further to say something like this if check age, pass or cat age.
If it's true and you can do this, you could say if it's equal to true equal like that.
But this is redundant because Caitlin knows that if you just don't say is equal to true, it assumes
that this is true.
So we're saying, if this is true, check Cat Age, it's true.
Returns it true value right there.
In that case, we're going to print something.
Put that inside there instead of a check age, we're going to say this cat is old, I'm going to put
the cat age so we can see like that, OK?
And say else, this cat is young.
And notice I can remove these because there's just one liners in a way.
So we only have one line.
I can just put all of that like this.
This also works.
OK, let's go in, right?
OK, this cat is old, is 84 years old.
Makes sense because we're past 12.
But if I say to see what's going to happen, this cat is young because 14 because 14 is not greater
than 14, that's why this returns false.
If I change this to a greater than or equal like this, I think this is going to change right because
we are including the 14.
So now it says this cat is old.
14.
All right.
So we're able to again create this check age in passing the cat age, which will return a Boolean once
we pass this condition.
Cat H is greater than or equal to 14, right?
It's going to be true.
It's going to be false.
And so we can use that or use these functions in past the correct values and check with if statement.
Obviously, this is less complicated to check age.
We can make this more complicated or more complex.
I should say and do all sort of calculations to yield a true or false value that will be fed somewhere
whenever we call it.
All right.
Very good.